Hi Folks, 
Please add to this thread for all discussions around week 1 of 
application development. 
As per plan we wanted to start with C as it is rightly called the 
Father of all modern languages. 
But we received some inputs from members that getting started with C 
may be a little difficult for beginers. 
[Yes that's how we work.. in collaboration with all members registered 
to the program :) .. your opinion matters] 
Also there were opinions that the first week should be something 
simple yet contemporary and intersting to a larger mass. 
So we have selected Python as the first language to begin with. 
Below are the language and problem statement details - 
Language: Python 
Official site: http://python.org/ 
Beginer's guide: http://wiki.python.org/moin/BeginnersGuide 
Tutorial: http://docs.python.org/tutorial/ 
And here's the problem statement: 
App Category: Networking 
DB: None 
Simple part: 
Create a web crawler app in python which, given a url seed, can crawl 
through all links on the page and scan deep for a given level of 
depth. While crawling the app should be able to return the url page 
containing a specific search text. 
Input: 
1 - Url seed e.g. www.hackernews.com 
2 - Depth e.g. 5 (this means go into links on a page till 5 levels) 
3 - search text e.g. "python" 
Output: 
the list of url that contains the specified text 
The Simple part is mandatory to be completed. 
If you finish the simple part and are eager to take up something 
challenging, then here's a little complex angle to the problem: 
Complex part: 
Write rules around the app for searching. 
Rule 1: The return Url should contain a specific substring 
Rule 2: Highlight in output if the url is amongst a long list of 
blacklisted urls (about 10000 blacklisted urls) 
Rule 3: Search for multiple search strings and rank Urls as per the 
number of different search strings found and occurances of each search 
string in the page 
Rule 4: Rank as per level of the Url w.r.t. seed url 
For next 3 days we will discuss more about the python language in 
general and discuss on its features that differentiates it from other 
languages. 
Also we will discuss how we can use the specific features of the 
language in our app. 
Please feel free to contribute if you already know the language well. 
By next Sunday (22nd Jan) we are required to submit app code for 
review. 
Let us discuss our thoughts on the problem statement and any other 
issues. 
Happy Coding, 
50apps Team 
